Added docs for javascript spread operator - #5802 (#5827)
Codecademy/docs: content/javascript/concepts/spread-operator/spread-operator.md

---
Title: 'Spread Operator'

> Description: 'The Spread Operator in JavaScript is used to expand elements of an array, object, or iterable.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Expands elements of an array, object, or iterable in JavaScript.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:

>   - 'Spread Operator'
>   - 'Arrays'
>   - 'Objects'
>   - 'Functions'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - 'Arrays'
  - 'Functions'
  - 'Objects'
  - 'Spread Operator'
```
